#summary Release Notes Cobogw library

==Release notes 1.2.4 April 30, 2009==
  * Improved support for using CSS with Button, (includes issue 11).
  * Fixed issues issue 13, issue 14, and issue 15.

==Release notes 1.2.3 April 4, 2009==
  * Fixed Button widget Internet Explorer 6 and 7 support, (fixes issue 8).
  * Implemented issue 9.
  * Moved to Maven2 directory support (no Maven build file yet).
  * Clean up of RoundedPanel to try to fix issue 5. 

==Release notes 1.2.2 March 8, 2009==
  * Fixed Button widget related to Firefox 2 support.

==Release notes 1.2.1, March 7, 2009==
  * Fixed Button widget related to Internet Explorer 8 support.

==Release notes 1.2, March 3, 2009==
  * New widgets: Button and !ButtonBar, CSS styled buttons.
  * New String helper class: JSString, provides access to several !JavaScript String functions.
  * Additional methods in CSS and Event2 to work around browser incompatibilities.
  * Fixed issue 2.

==Release notes 1.1.1, Aug 15, 2008==
  * Added default constructors to all widgets to better support IDE introspection.

==Release notes 1.1, Aug 13, 2008==
  * Updated code to use GWT 1.5 specific functionality.
  * This version only works with GWT 1.5.

==Release notes 1.0, Aug 13, 2008==
  * First packaged version of cobogw library with new widgets.
  * Rating - Widget to let users set a rating.
  * !RoundedLinePanel - Rounded corners with single pixel line around it.
  * Span and !TextNode - Widgets to easily work with span and textnode elements as widgets.
  * CSS - Helper class with all CSS properties.